rate limiting: best practices on key choice (#14111)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/rate-limit.md

simple = { limit = 1500, period = 60 }
```

## Best practices

> The `key` passed to the `limit` function that determines what to rate-limit on should represent a unique characteristic of a user or class of user that you wish to rate limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `key` passed to the `limit` function, that determines what to rate limit on, should represent a unique characteristic of a user or class of user that you wish to rate limit.
```

> * Good choices include API keys in `Authorization` headers, URL paths or routes, specific query parameters used by your application, and/or user IDs and tenant IDs.

Author: ```suggestion
* Good choices include API keys in `Authorization` HTTP headers, URL paths or routes, specific query parameters used by your application, and/or user IDs and tenant IDs. These are all stable identifiers and are unlikely to change from request-to-request.
```

> * It is not recommended to use IP addresses (since these can be shared by many users in many valid cases) or locations (the same), as you may find yourself unintentionally rate limiting a wider group of users than you intended.

Reviewer: '(the same)' seems like it is saying 'ditto' for the parenthesis next to IP addresses but we could reword this to be less ambiguous

> * It is not recommended to use IP addresses (since these can be shared by many users in many valid cases) or locations (the same), as you may find yourself unintentionally rate limiting a wider group of users than you intended.

Author: ```suggestion
* It is not recommended to use IP addresses or locations (regions or countries), since these can be shared by many users in many valid cases. You may find yourself unintentionally rate limiting a wider group of users than you intended by rate limiting on these keys.
```

```ts
// Recommended: use a key that represents a specific user or class of user

> let url = new URL(req.url)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const url = new URL(req.url)
```

const userId = url.searchParams.get("userId") || ""

> const { success } = await env.MY_RATE_LIMITER.limit({ key: userId }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const { success } = await env.MY_RATE_LIMITER.limit({ key: userId })
```

// Not recommended:  many users may share a single IP, especially on mobile networks
// or when using privacy-enabling proxies
const ipAddress = req.headers.get("cf-connecting-ip") || ""

> const { success } = await env.MY_RATE_LIMITER.limit({ key: ipAddress }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const { success } = await env.MY_RATE_LIMITER.limit({ key: ipAddress })
```
